Okay.
So let's see some variations of the take over games as discussed.
Eight.
Under normal rule, we are playing we are doing it for any good.
20 and.
We have a particular set.
Eight.
So what is this?
Is this a correction set?
But as I said, we are going to present Dick Williams as this a big game and two subtraction games as
the TV games.
It's not a big deal.
We are taking away stones from that.
That means we are doing something.
We are subtracting something from a position and going onto some of the 58.
I know let's say we have this subtraction set of one, two, three, four, five.
Let's quickly build winning and losing positions and then we can easily find out if it is any good.
Should 20 and it is elections she win or lose directly no win eight we okay.
So quickly let's quickly do it and.
So zero.
It's a normal one.
So zero will we're losing position again.
Winning position, winning position winning position winning.
Bush And then winning please by because from all these positions we can go to zero, which is a losing
position.
Now.
Let's talk about six.
So in six we can go from from six we can go to one, two, three, four, five, three, four or five,
eight.
All of them are winning positions.
So as we know, if all of them are winning versions and this has to be a losing position, so we will
be just one at least one losing positions to make it winning again, seven, eight, nine, ten and
11.
All our winning operations, because I can directly go to six, which is the losing position, and 12
will be a losing position, winning positions.
217 and then again, a losing, winning beating right over it is Ellis John's and she's on 20 the normal
play rule she will win.
Right because she'll give it to Bob and then so on.
There shouldn't be any doubt in this case.
A very easy thing, though.
Well, so what is the condition that we earn over here?
It is if not six equals two zero, then it's a.
Losing position.
A divided to with.
Will.
Great.
Now, let's talk about setting an example in this.
I haven't considered one.
I'm just taking a very small set to in for eight.
So we know zero is a losing position because we cannot make a move.
It's a dominant position.
So one on one.
Also, I cannot make a move.
Right, because I cannot pick up two students.
I cannot pick up four students.
This has to be a.
Losing position was I cannot make a move, although there are restaurant slip, but I cannot make it.
So it's a dominant position.
It's a losing position.
Now, two from two I can go to zero.
So the reason losing operations or two has to be a winning position.
From three.
I can go to one again.
Winning position from four.
I can go to two and zero.
The two was a winning position and zero was a losing position.
Eight.
So of course I go to a losing position.
That means there is at least one losing position in the vicinity.
It has to be.
Winning Buddhism.
Right.
Let's talk about faith.
From five, I can go to three, I can go to one.
So again, winning Bush and you do one is a losing position.
From six, I can go to four and two.
Now we have got a losing position because both two and four are winning positions.
One is, again, a losing position because we can go from 7 to 5 or three I.
So here is this petting zoo you can see.
Or abuse.
Late.
And who?
The winning, winning, winning and losing.
And soon to them always will be a pattern in some set of moves.
So what?
What happens in the equation?
You don't have to find or code all of this set out.
You don't have to do it for all.
And as I'm doing for 20.
What you do is you write this in your copy pen, paper and.
Do this.
Make this table in pen and paper and.
Derive the pattern.
After you have got the burden, you have derived the burden, you absorb the burden.
You just simply say, if end is this, then else if and is that Bob?
What is the condition in this?
As we can see, these are, say, calibrating on every six terms.
Eight.
If an mod six equals to zero or one, then it's a losing position.
Otherwise it's a winning push.
So if I say Tell me about an English 250, what I'll do, I'll say 56.
This will be homage to Louisa.
There are two ways of winning position.
As we can see, a left with a winning position.
That means 51 the winning position.
So it is elections and it is 50 even 50.
She will win no matter what.
Eight.
Great.
So you can drive your own examples, play with you, play the same game with your friends and bet.
But now you know how to actually solve this game.
Eight.
Oh.
Okay.
In the next five days.